It's just a good time for you to be here, the one you're not playing is sleeping,
I asked my mother to sleep in that part, I felt so comfortable.
You are getting more and more, you are coming more and more,
You are getting more and more, you are so special,
But now you are quarreling with me,
I didn’t intentionally promise you now,
Get the clothes out of here right away, where you just pretend to be,
If I want to fight, I will fight,
I fight with the battle,
I want more,
No, no, no, no,
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
No, no, no,
Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
I don’t want to, I don’t want, I don’t want, I don’t want to, I don’t want to, I don’t want to, I don’t want to, I don’t want to, I don’t want to, I don’t want to, I don’t want to
Don't want to don't want to don't want to don't want to don't want to don't want to don't want to don't want to don't want to don't want to don't want to want to I don’t want to, I don’t want, I don’t want, I don’t want to, I don’t want to, I don’t want to, I don’t want to, I don’t want to, I don’t want to, I don’t want to, I don’t want to, I don’t want to, I don’t want to, I don’t want to, I don’t want to, I don’t want to, I don’t want to, I don’t want to, I don’t want to, I don’t want to, I don’t want to, I don’t want to, I don’t want to, I don’t want to